Question: When was Levi's Stadium awarded the right to host Super Bowl 50?
Answer: May 21, 2013
Our Answer: 2003

Question: When was San Francisco voted to be the location for Super Bowl 50?
Answer: May 21, 2013
Our Answer: 2003

Question: When was Levi's Stadium picked for Super bowl 50?
Answer: May 21, 2013
Our Answer: 1985

Question: When did the Packers arrive at a record of 13-0?
Answer: 2011
Our Answer: 1978

Question: When did the NFL start their 16 game seasons?
Answer: 1978
Our Answer: the season 14–0

Question: When will Roman numerals be used again to denote the Super Bowl number?
Answer: Super Bowl LI.
Our Answer: June 4, 2014

Question: When is the game's media day usually held?
Answer: the Tuesday afternoon prior to the game
Our Answer: February 1, 2016

Question: When is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a Super Bowl?
Answer: Super Bowl XXVIII
Our Answer: the end of the 1993 season

Question: When is the Wianki festival held?
Answer: Midsummer’s Night
Our Answer: today

Question: When did Warsaw become the capital of the Kingdom of Poland?
Answer: 1596
Our Answer: 1806

Question: When was the Masovian Duchy reincorporated into the Polish Crown?
Answer: 1526
Our Answer: 1300

Question: When did Warsaw become the center of the Congress Poland?
Answer: 1815
Our Answer: 1796

Question: When was the Royal University of Warsaw established?
Answer: 1816
Our Answer: 1796

Question: When was Warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids?
Answer: During the Second World War
Our Answer: the 19th century the 1950s and 1960s

Question: When did Warsaw start to rebuild?
Answer: After liberation
Our Answer: the 19th century the 1950s and 1960s

Question: When did building activity occur on St. Kazimierz Church?
Answer: 1688–1692
Our Answer: the later decades of the 17th century

Question: When was the Palace on the Water rebuilt?
Answer: 1775–1795
Our Answer: 1775 1782 1761 1777–1782

Question: When did the Warsaw area enlargement take place?
Answer: 1951
Our Answer: the first years

Question: When did Menich serve as President?
Answer: 1695–1696
Our Answer: 1990

Question: When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?
Answer: 1817
Our Answer: Today 31 August 2009

Question: When was Warsaw's stock exchange brought back to life?
Answer: April 1991
Our Answer: Today 31 August 2009

Question: When were the Normans in Normandy?
Answer: 10th and 11th centuries
Our Answer: the first half of the 10th century

Question: When was the Duchy of Normandy founded?
Answer: 911
Our Answer: the 10th century

Question: When did the attack occur in which the Normans impressed Prince Guaimar III occur?
Answer: 999
Our Answer: 1017

Question: When did Robert Crispin go up against the Turks?
Answer: 1060s
Our Answer: the 1050s

Question: When did Dyrrachium fall to the Normans?
Answer: 1082
Our Answer: 1085

Question: When did the Venetians take total control of Cyprus?
Answer: 1489
Our Answer: 1192

Question: When did Tesla's father die?
Answer: 1879
Our Answer: his second year

Question: When was Tesla returned to Gospic?
Answer: March 1879
Our Answer: that year

Question: When did Tesla patent the motor?
Answer: 1888
Our Answer: 1887

Question: When did the deal between Peck, Brown and Westinghouse take place?
Answer: 1888
Our Answer: one year

Question: When were x-rays discovered? 
Answer: December 1895
Our Answer: 1894

Question: When did Tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent?
Answer: 1900
Our Answer: 1901

Question: When did Marconi transmit similar signals to those Tesla received?
Answer: July 1899
Our Answer: 8 December 1899 1900 the new century

Question: When was his lab destroyed?
Answer: 1904
Our Answer: 7 January 1900

Question: When did he first get out of bed following the accident?
Answer: early 1938
Our Answer: the fall of 1937 midnight one night

Question: When did the accident occur?
Answer: the fall of 1937
Our Answer: some months

Question: When are the ashes now?
Answer: Nikola Tesla Museum
Our Answer: 1957

Question: When did Tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship?
Answer: toward the end of his life
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When extensive time is required to sort integers, this represents what case complexity?
Answer: worst-case
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When could a teacher act in the role of a parent?
Answer: While a child was in school
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When was vetting introduced?
Answer: 2006
Our Answer: to teaching also to non-teaching posts and those who refuse vetting

Question: When were attacks on teachers the highest?
Answer: between 2005 and 2010
Our Answer: previous years

Question: When did Martin Luther die?
Answer: 18 February 1546
Our Answer: 1517

Question: When was Martin Luther born?
Answer: 10 November 1483
Our Answer: 1497

Question: When was Luther's 95 Theses translated into German?
Answer: January 1518
Our Answer: two weeks two months

Question: When were some of Luther's best-known works published?
Answer: 1520
Our Answer: 1519

Question: When did Luther publish On the Bondage of the Will?
Answer: 1525
Our Answer: 1524

Question: When was Luther examined at Augsburg by the papal legate?
Answer: October 1518
Our Answer: night

Question: When did papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz get Luther to make concessions ?
Answer: January 1519
Our Answer: June and July 1519

Question: When did Zwilling and Karistadt become active at Wittenberg?
Answer: June 1521
Our Answer: Christmas

Question: When did Luther save the group of nuns from the convent?
Answer: April 1523
Our Answer: 41 years old

Question: When was the wedding banquet celebrated?
Answer: 27 June
Our Answer: the evening of the same day

Question: When did Luther and his wife live?
Answer: The Black Cloister
Our Answer: 1525

Question: When did Luther write a German mass?
Answer: early 1526
Our Answer: 1523

Question: When did Luther write Wir glauben all an einen Gott?
Answer: 1524
Our Answer: 1525

Question: When did Luther write an extreme treatise against the Jews?
Answer: 1543
Our Answer: 1523

Question: When were the elections that produced a higher vote by Protestant Nazi sympathizers than by Catholics?
Answer: 1928-1933
Our Answer: 1993

Question: When was a third visit to Mnafeld scheduled? 
Answer: early 1546
Our Answer: late 1545

Question: When did Luther waken with more chest pains?
Answer: 1 a.m
Our Answer: 8 a.m. 17 February 1546

Question: When were images being used to promote the spread of Lutheranism?
Answer: 1530s and 1540s
Our Answer: 1530 1546

Question: When is Luther commemorated in the Lutheran Calendar of Saints ?
Answer: 18 February
Our Answer: 31 October

Question: When did BSkyB end their analogue service?
Answer: 27 September 2001
Our Answer: two months

Question: When was virgin media rebranded from NTL Telewest?
Answer: 2007
Our Answer: the years

Question: When did Great Britain claim Australia? 
Answer: 1788
Our Answer: 1901

Question: When was Victoria first settled?
Answer: 1803
Our Answer: 1901

Question: When has Toyota said it will close its Victoria plant?
Answer: 2017
Our Answer: the 21st century

Question: When did Holden announce that it will close its Victoria plant?
Answer: May 2013
Our Answer: December of the same year

Question: When was there a armed protest at Ballarat about mining taxes?
Answer: 1854
Our Answer: 1855

Question: When did the Huguenots secure the right to own land in the Baronies?
Answer: 1697
Our Answer: the early years

Question: When did these rebellions take place?
Answer: between 1621 and 1629
Our Answer: a decade

Question: When did the British defeat New France?
Answer: 1759-60
Our Answer: years

Question: When did Ribault first establish a settlement in South Carolina?
Answer: 1562
Our Answer: 1564

Question: When were these settlers naturalized as English colonists?
Answer: 12 May 1705
Our Answer: the 18th and 19th centuries

Question: When was the Dutch Revolt?
Answer: 1568–1609
Our Answer: the early days

Question: When did this leader publish a French language Bible?
Answer: 1530
Our Answer: 1523

Question: When was the St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre?
Answer: 24 August – 3 October 1572
Our Answer: the weeks

Question: When was the second oil crisis?
Answer: 1979
Our Answer: 1973 October 1973

Question: When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel?
Answer: On October 6, 1973
Our Answer: October 6, 1973 Yom Kippur

Question: When did the series of strikes happen?
Answer: winter of 1973–74
Our Answer: Sundays

Question: When did Honda, Toyota and Nissan open US assembly plants?
Answer: A decade after the 1973
Our Answer: 1981 A decade 1973

Question: When American car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars, which policy ended?
Answer: captive import policy
Our Answer: a few years

Question: When was Mueller announced and appointed as Deputy Associate Administrator?
Answer: July 23, 1963
Our Answer: September 1

Question: When was this committee by Seaman established?
Answer: July 1961
Our Answer: late 1961 early 1962

Question: When did the launches of boilerplate CSMs occur in orbit?
Answer: 1964 and 1965
Our Answer: 1964 1965

Question: When was the Skylab launched?
Answer: 1973
Our Answer: 1979

Question: When was Skylab's last crew on the station before it re-entered Earth's atmosphere?
Answer: February 8, 1974
Our Answer: 1979

Question: When do treaties apply?
Answer: as soon as they enter into force, unless stated otherwise
Our Answer: to the metropolitan territories of the member states in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations , for example Gibraltar and the Åland islands

Question: When do the stated Treaties apply?
Answer: Treaties apply as soon as they enter into force, unless stated otherwise
Our Answer: to the metropolitan territories of the member states in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations , for example Gibraltar and the Åland islands

Question: When year was the Maastrich Treaty signed?
Answer: 1992
Our Answer: 1985

Question: When was there an attempt to reform the law of the EU?
Answer: Following the Nice Treaty
Our Answer: 2004

Question: When did the first direct elections take place?
Answer: 1979
Our Answer: every five years

Question: When did Costa v ENEL take place?
Answer: 1964
Our Answer: 1962 1958

Question: When was the European Convention on Human Rights established?
Answer: 1950
Our Answer: 1999

Question: When was the basis for the Social Chapter developed?
Answer: 1989
Our Answer: 1997

Question: When did the UK formally subscribe to the Agreement on Social Policy?
Answer: 1997
Our Answer: 1994 1996

Question: When was the competence for the Union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested?
Answer: 2005
Our Answer: October 2007

Question: When did it retract to a inland formation?
Answer: It expanded again during the Middle Miocene, then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum.
Our Answer: the last 34 million years

Question: When do juvenile develop into adults?
Answer: after dropping to the sea-floor
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When do bathyctena chuni, euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions?
Answer: are disturbed,
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood?
Answer: between the 1960s and 1990s
Our Answer: the 1960s 1990s

Question: When did a plague-ridden ship land in Norway?
Answer: 1349
Our Answer: June 1348

Question: When did the second edition of Gasquet's book come out?
Answer: 1908
Our Answer: 1893

Question: When did the y. pestis reach England?
Answer: spring of 1349
Our Answer: the spring 1349

Question: When did the plague return to Europe?
Answer: throughout the 14th to 17th centuries
Our Answer: every year 1346 1671

Question: When was the great plague of London?
Answer: 1665
Our Answer: 1479

Question: When the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed? 
Answer: new magma
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut, then they must be older or younger than the fault?
Answer: younger than the fault
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When rock folds deep in the Earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles upwards it creates what? 
Answer: antiforms
Our Answer: in folding

Question: When rock folds deep in the Earth it can fold one of two ways, when it buckles downwards it creates what? 
Answer: synforms
Our Answer: in folding

Question: When was Richard Grainger actively building and developing?
Answer: between 1835 and 1842
Our Answer: 49

Question: When is Sir Pindar's house dated?
Answer: c1600
Our Answer: 1523

Question: When was the Soulages collection acquired?
Answer: between 1859 and 1865
Our Answer: the previous year

Question: When is the Sicilian Tristan Quilt dated?
Answer: late 14th-century
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When was ABC1 discontinued because of low viewership?
Answer: September 8, 2007
Our Answer: October

Question: When did ABC Films begin selling programs to other networks?
Answer: 1959
Our Answer: the 1970s

Question: When did ABC begin broadcasting the Miss America Pageant?
Answer: 1954
Our Answer: 2016

Question: When did Good Morning America begin airing?
Answer: 1975
Our Answer: the last nine years

Question: When did General Hospital begin airing?
Answer: 1963
Our Answer: the last nine years

Question: When is sports programming provided by ABC on Saturday afternoons?
Answer: 12:00 to 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time
Our Answer: the summer Sundays

Question: When was the FCC's sixth report and order released?
Answer: 1952
Our Answer: February 9, 1953

Question: When did WJZ-TV in NYC begin broadcasting?
Answer: August 10, 1948
Our Answer: October 9, 1948

Question: When did ABC premier the Flintstones?
Answer: September 30, 1960
Our Answer: The 1960s

Question: When did ABC and Disney's television relationship lapse?
Answer: 1961
Our Answer: 1959

Question: When did the logo bug begin appearing throughout the entire program for ABC shows?
Answer: 1995–96 season
Our Answer: Ten years later 1993

Question: When was Time Warner cable forced to restore ABC stations to affected markets?
Answer: afternoon of May 2.
Our Answer: April 30, 2000

Question: When did the Steven Spielberg movie Duel first debut?
Answer: 1971
Our Answer: September 1969

Question: When did Sunday Night Football premiere on NBC?
Answer: 2006
Our Answer: that year

Question: When Sunday Night Football premiered, to which network did Monday Night Football move?
Answer: ESPN
Our Answer: that year

Question: When did Michael Eisner first join ABC?
Answer: 1966
Our Answer: 1976

Question: When did the FCC begin imposing fin-syn rules?
Answer: 1970
Our Answer: the same year

Question: When was ABC's first logo introduced?
Answer: 1946
Our Answer: 1953

Question: When did ABC adopt it's iconic circle logo?
Answer: 1957
Our Answer: 1953

Question: When was Temüjin's half-brother Begter killed?
Answer: during one hunting excursion
Our Answer: the next several years

Question: When did Genghis Khan capture the Jin dynasty capital?
Answer: 1215
Our Answer: 1211

Question: When does immunodeficiency occur?
Answer: when the immune system is less active than normal
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When a pathogen has been eaten by a phagocyte it becomes trapped in what vesicle?
Answer: phagosome
Our Answer: to specific locations by cytokines

Question: When an activated killer T cell finds cells where the MHC 1 receptor has specific antigens, it releases cytotoxins such as what?
Answer: perforin
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse?
Answer: the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official
Our Answer: as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state and its laws

Question: When did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur?
Answer: during the Roman Empire
Our Answer: the days, weeks months

Question: When was Thoreau's essay published?
Answer: after the end of the Mexican War
Our Answer: the days, weeks months

Question: When is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience?
Answer: during the Roman Empire
Our Answer: the days, weeks months

Question: When large groups of people all boycott a system or don't pay taxes it can be considered?
Answer: coercive
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When do cash flow problems exist?
Answer: when the present amount of funding cannot cover the current costs for labour and materials
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When does rain typically fall in Jacksonville?
Answer: May through September
Our Answer: winters

Question: When there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what?
Answer: low demand
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When did income inequality begin to increase in the US?
Answer: 1970s
Our Answer: 1910 to 1940

Question: When economic inequality is smaller, more waste and pollution is?
Answer: created
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When are inequalities in wealth justified, according to John Rawls?
Answer: when they improve society as a whole
Our Answer: in A Theory of Justice

Question: When does Doctor Who transition to a new body?
Answer: after sustaining an injury
Our Answer: 2013

Question: When did the BBC receive a favorable ruling on the trade mark claim?
Answer: 2002
Our Answer: 1998

Question: When was the last episode of the original series?
Answer: 6 December 1989
Our Answer: season 23

Question: When was an extended episode of Doctor Who shown?
Answer: Christmas Day
Our Answer: 2005

Question: When did the practice of wiping tapes stop?
Answer: 1978
Our Answer: Between about 1964 and 1973

Question: When was the term "regeneration" first used?
Answer: the Doctor's third on-screen regeneration
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When were the Daleks reintroduced in the revival series?
Answer: series 1
Our Answer: 2005 2009

Question: When was a Doctor Who Prom performed?
Answer: 27 July 2008
Our Answer: 2005

Question: When was the soundtrack for series 5 released?
Answer: 8 November 2010
Our Answer: December 2011

Question: When was the "Dalekmania" period?
Answer: circa 1964–1965
Our Answer: the decades

Question: When was Doctor Who viewing at its highest level?
Answer: During the ITV network strike of 1979
Our Answer: 18 months

Question: When was the third period of high viewership for the Doctor Who series?
Answer: After the series' revival in 2005
Our Answer: 2005 the evening

Question: When did Torchwood premier?
Answer: 22 October 2006
Our Answer: 2011

Question: When did the second series of Torchwood play?
Answer: 2008
Our Answer: 2011

Question: When did the Eleventh Doctor appear in the Sarah Jane series?
Answer: 2010
Our Answer: 2007 24 September 2007

Question: When were the earliest Doctor Who books available?
Answer: the mid-sixties
Our Answer: 2005

Question: When was the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center constructed?
Answer: 2003
Our Answer: 2011

Question: When did Khan formally declare the Yuan dynasty?
Answer: 1271
Our Answer: The Yuan dynasty

Question: When did Mongke Khan become Great Khan?
Answer: 1251
Our Answer: 1206

Question: When did Mongke Khan die?
Answer: 1259
Our Answer: 1256

Question: When did the Jin dynasty end?
Answer: 1234
Our Answer: 1115

Question: When did Kublai attack Xiangyang?
Answer: between 1268 and 1273
Our Answer: 1268 1273

Question: When was Dali conquered by the Yuan?
Answer: 1253
Our Answer: the Yuan dynasty

Question: When did Temur rule?
Answer: 1294 to 1307
Our Answer: the Yuan dynasty

Question: When was Geegen the emperor?
Answer: 1321 to 1323
Our Answer: only two years 1321 1323

Question: When did Tugh Temur die?
Answer: 1332
Our Answer: 1340

Question: When did the Yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters?
Answer: From the late 1340s onwards
Our Answer: two years later 1370

Question: When was the Ming dynasty in power?
Answer: 1368–1644
Our Answer: 1354

Question: When had the Six Ministries existed?
Answer: since the Sui and Tang dynasties
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When did Zhu Shijie die?
Answer: 1314
Our Answer: 1249

Question: When did Zhu publish 'Jade Mirror of the Four Unknowns'?
Answer: 1303
Our Answer: 1249

Question: When did Wei Yilin die?
Answer: 1347
Our Answer: 1277

Question: When did the Yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money?
Answer: 1275
Our Answer: 1294

Question: When was the City of Malindi established?
Answer: 14th century
Our Answer: the centuries

Question: When was Waruhiu Itote captured?
Answer: 15 January 1954
Our Answer: 21 October 1956

Question: When did the different colonies come together and form Kenya?
Answer: 12 December 1963
Our Answer: 1963 12 months later 12 December 1964

Question: When was a vote help to ratify the change to the constitution?
Answer: August 2010
Our Answer: that day

Question: When was Kenya Electricity Generating Company established?
Answer: 1997
Our Answer: between 2001 and 2003

Question: When did Kenya reach the semi-finals?
Answer: 2003
Our Answer: 1996

Question: When did Pachauri resign as chair of the IPCC?
Answer: February 2015
Our Answer: May 2002

Question: When was the paper published that the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on?
Answer: 1999
Our Answer: the mid 20th century

Question: When was the IPCC Third Assessment Report published?
Answer: 2001
Our Answer: 2007

Question: When was a study published confirming the 2001 IPCC projections?
Answer: 1 February 2007
Our Answer: the six years

Question: When do Plastoglobuli occur in linked groups?
Answer: In old or stressed chloroplasts
Our Answer: either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network

Question: When do chloroplasts spread out flat?
Answer: low-light conditions
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When do chloroplasts arrange in vertical columns or turn sideways?
Answer: Under intense light
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When do chloroplasts produce defense signals?
Answer: After detecting stress in a cell
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When might starch grains become overly large?
Answer: Under conditions such as high atmospheric CO2 concentrations
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When does photorespiration happen?
Answer: when the oxygen concentration is too high
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When was the measurement of the Rhine introduced? 
Answer: 1939
Our Answer: 2010

Question: When the Rhine emerges from Lake Constance which way does it flow?
Answer: westward
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When did the last glacial start?
Answer: 74,000 (BP
Our Answer: today

Question: When did the last glacial end?
Answer: 11,600 BP
Our Answer: today

Question: When was the Last Glacial Maximum?
Answer: 22,000–14,000 yr BP
Our Answer: the last Ice Age

Question: When did rapid warming begin and help vegetation?
Answer: 13,000 BP
Our Answer: 22,000 years ago

Question: When have humans started impacting the delta?
Answer: 3000 yr BP
Our Answer: the 11–13th century AD

Question: When was the Rhine first discovered?
Answer: 1st century BC
Our Answer: At that time

Question: When did the Rhine stop being the Roman boundary?
Answer: the empire fell
Our Answer: AD 14 AD 70

Question: When did the Rhine become borders with Francia?
Answer: 6th century
Our Answer: the 9th

Question: When was the Rhine fully within the Holy Roman Empire?
Answer: 10th century
Our Answer: the 9th

Question: When was the Upper Rhine sold to Burgundy?
Answer: 1469
Our Answer: the 6th century

Question: When was the confederation of the Rhine?
Answer: 1806
Our Answer: the Middle Ages

Question: When was Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles?
Answer: end of World War I
Our Answer: 1930

Question: When would the occupation of allies leave Rhineland?
Answer: 1935
Our Answer: 1930

Question: When did the German army reoccupy Rhineland?
Answer: 1936
Our Answer: 1930

Question: When was the Rhine measurement corrected back to the original?
Answer: 2010
Our Answer: 1932

Question: When was the current parliament of Scotland convened?
Answer: Following a referendum in 1997
Our Answer: 1997 1998

Question: When was the final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly passed?
Answer: 1978
Our Answer: 1974

Question: When was the Scottish Constitutional Convention held?
Answer: 1989
Our Answer: 1995

Question: When is the Members Debate held?
Answer: Immediately after Decision Time
Our Answer: 45 minutes

Question: When are subject committees established?
Answer: beginning of each parliamentary session
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill?
Answer: Decision Time
Our Answer: to the bill , designed to thwart further progress and take up parliamentary time , to cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken

Question: When was the British Nationality Act passed?
Answer: 1981
Our Answer: 2003

Question: When was al-Nimeiry overthrown?
Answer: 1985
Our Answer: 1991

Question: When was the FIS founded?
Answer: 1989
Our Answer: 1991

Question: When was Zia-ul-Haq killed?
Answer: 1988
Our Answer: July 1977

Question: When did the age of Imperialism begin?
Answer: around 1700
Our Answer: thousands of years the early 18th century the middle of the 20th century

Question: When was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism?
Answer: the 1950s
Our Answer: the interwar years

Question: When were Joseph Schumpeter and Norman Angell at their most prolific writing period?
Answer: before World War I
Our Answer: 1858–1940 1883–1950 ( 1857–1929 1872

Question: When did France begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire?
Answer: 1850
Our Answer: 1830

Question: When did French Republicans back building the French empire?
Answer: when Germany started to build her own
Our Answer: 1850

Question: When did the Germanic tribes claim territory in north and west Europe?
Answer: middle period of classical antiquity
Our Answer: 1000

Question: When was the the second German empire founded?
Answer: after the Franco-German War
Our Answer: the late 19th century

Question: When did Germany found their first settlement?
Answer: 1884
Our Answer: 1883–84

Question: When was the first Sino-Japanese War?
Answer: 1894
Our Answer: 1918

Question: When was the Russian Policy "Indigenization" defunded?
Answer: 1932
Our Answer: 1921

Question: When did Great Britain lose its colonies in North America?
Answer: 1776
Our Answer: the 1840s

Question: When did the Spanish and Portuguese colonies gain their independance.
Answer: about 1820
Our Answer: 1776

Question: When was the defeat of Napoleonic France?
Answer: 1815
Our Answer: 1776

Question: When did the Ottoman Empire fall?
Answer: 1923
Our Answer: the 16th and 17th centuries

Question: When was the congregation at St. George's founded?
Answer: 1767
Our Answer: 1784

Question: When did the UMC's General Board of Church and Society call on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol for Lent?
Answer: 2011 and 2012
Our Answer: 2011 2012

Question: When did John Wesley provide a revised version of The Book of Common Prayer?
Answer: When the Methodists in America were separated from the Church of England
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: When was the French and Indian War?
Answer: 1754–1763
Our Answer: 1754 the worldwide Seven Years' War

Question: When did French learn about Braddock's plans?
Answer: plans leaked to France well before Braddock's departure
Our Answer: several months

Question: Where did Super Bowl 50 take place?
Answer: Santa Clara, California
Our Answer: the San Francisco Bay Area Santa Clara California

Question: Where was Super Bowl 50 held?
Answer: Santa Clara, California.
Our Answer: the San Francisco Bay Area Santa Clara California

Question: Where did the spring meetings of the NFL owners take place?
Answer: Boston
Our Answer: San Diego

Question: Where was the meeting held when the NFL owners voted on the location for Super Bowl 50?
Answer: Boston
Our Answer: the San Francisco Bay Area

Question: Where did the Panthers practice at for Super Bowl 50?
Answer: San Jose State practice facility
Our Answer: at Stanford University

Question: Where did the Panthers practice for the Super Bowl?
Answer: San Jose State practice facility
Our Answer: at Stanford University

Question: Where was the practice place the Panthers used for the Super Bowl?
Answer: San Jose
Our Answer: at Stanford University

Question: Where hotel did the Panthers stay at?
Answer: San Jose Marriott.
Our Answer: at Stanford University

Question: Where did the Broncos stay at for Super Bowl 50?
Answer: Santa Clara Marriott.
Our Answer: at Stanford University

Question: Where was the NFL Experience held for the 2015 season?
Answer: Moscone Center
Our Answer: Justin Herman Plaza The Embarcadero

Question: Where was the new media day event for Super Bowl 50 held?
Answer: SAP Center in San Jose.
Our Answer: the Golden Gate Bridge

Question: Where was Tracy Wolfson announcing from during the Super Bowl 50 game?
Answer: sidelines
Our Answer: the United States

Question: Where was Evan Washburn located while announcing during the game?
Answer: sidelines
Our Answer: the United States

Question: Where was the ESPN Deportes Spanish version of Super Bowl 50 available?
Answer: WatchESPN.
Our Answer: via CBSSports.com

Question: Where was the ball recovered?
Answer: 50-yard line.
Our Answer: Carolina

Question: Where is the Congress Hall located?
Answer: in the Palace of Culture and Science
Our Answer: the Palace of Culture and Science Warsaw

Question: Where can a tribute to the fall of Warsaw be found?
Answer: Warsaw Uprising Museum
Our Answer: Warsaw Poland

Question: Where in Warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with Poland's struggles for Independence found?
Answer: Museum of Independence
Our Answer: Warsaw Poland

Question: Where is Polonia's home venue located?
Answer: at Konwiktorska Street
Our Answer: Polonia Warsaw

Question: Where did two of Triton's daughters set out on a journey through?
Answer: depths of the oceans and seas
Our Answer: Denmark

Question: Where is the lowest point of Warsaw located?
Answer: at the right bank of the Vistula
Our Answer: the Vistula Warsaw

Question: Where can Aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found?
Answer: plain Vistula terraces
Our Answer: Warsaw

Question: Where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display?
Answer: New Orangery
Our Answer: the Botanic Garden

Question: Where was the first horse racetrack located?
Answer: Pole Mokotowskie
Our Answer: the northern Mokotów Praga

Question: Where does Warsaw rank in terms of population in the EU?
Answer: 9th
Our Answer: Warsaw the Vistula River east-central Poland the Baltic Sea the Carpathian Mountains

Question: Where was the Archangel Michael shrine located?
Answer: Monte Gargano
Our Answer: the Normans the Mezzogiorno

Question: Where was William Iron Arm's castle located?
Answer: Squillace
Our Answer: the Normans Sicily Malta the Saracens a Hauteville

Question: Where did the Normans and Byzantines sign the peace treaty?
Answer: Deabolis
Our Answer: the Normans Petrela Jericho

Question: Where was Dyrrachium located?
Answer: the Adriatic
Our Answer: Dyrrachium

Question: Where did Harold II die?
Answer: Battle of Hastings
Our Answer: Normandy England

Question: Where was Ralph earl of?
Answer: Hereford
Our Answer: the Normans

Question: Where are Jersey and Guernsey
Answer: Channel Islands
Our Answer: Normandy

Question: Where was his unfinished project called?
Answer: Wardenclyffe Tower project
Our Answer: New York Colorado Springs

Question: Where did Tesla live for much of his life?
Answer: New York hotels
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did Tesla believe his talents came from?
Answer: his mother's genetics and influence
Our Answer: western Serbia

Question: Where did the family move in 1862?
Answer: Gospić, Austrian Empire
Our Answer: Smiljan

Question: Where was Austrian Polytechnic located?
Answer: Graz, Austria
Our Answer: the US

Question: Where did Tesla teach in Gospic?
Answer: Higher Real Gymnasium
Our Answer: On 17 April 1879 at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness

Question: Where was Tesla hoping to attend classes in Prague?
Answer: Charles-Ferdinand University
Our Answer: Prague

Question: Where did Tesla work in Budapest?
Answer: a telegraph company
Our Answer: Budapest

Question: Where did Tesla begin working in 1884?
Answer: Edison Machine Works
Our Answer: France

Question: Where did Tesla begin a new job at in 1882?
Answer: Continental Edison Company
Our Answer: France

Question: Where was Edison Machine Works located?
Answer: Manhattan's lower east side
Our Answer: France

Question: Where would profits go in this new company?
Answer: ⅓ to Tesla, ⅓ to Peck and Brown, and ⅓ to fund development
Our Answer: 89 Liberty Street Manhattan

Question: Where was Tesla's new lab?
Answer: 89 Liberty Street in Manhattan
Our Answer: 89 Liberty Street Manhattan

Question: where do plasma waves occur? 
Answer: force-free magnetic fields
Our Answer: In his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon to various causes

Question: Where are longitudinal waves found?
Answer: force-free magnetic fields
Our Answer: In his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon to various causes

Question: Where was the boat demonstration given?
Answer: Madison Square Garden
Our Answer: Chicago

Question: Where was Wardenclyffe located?
Answer: near Shoreham, Long Island
Our Answer: Shoreham Long Island

Question: Where did he work on the oscillators?
Answer: Houston Street lab
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did Tesla look for investors prior to WWI?
Answer: overseas
Our Answer: the Wardenclyffe Tower

Question: Where can the Treatise be found?
Answer: Nikola Tesla Museum archive
Our Answer: the United Kingdom the Soviet Union Yugoslavia

Question: Where did he claim the blueprint was stored?
Answer: in his mind.
Our Answer: During the period in which the negotiations were being conducted

Question: Where did Tesla go to feed the pigeons daily?
Answer: the park
Our Answer: into his hotel room

Question: Where can a lot Tesla's writings be found?
Answer: the web
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where can the complexity classes RP, BPP, PP, BQP, MA, and PH be located?
Answer: between P and PSPACE
Our Answer: MA

Question: Where do most teachers get their credentials from?
Answer: university or college.
Our Answer: like other professionals

Question: Where is a teacher most likely to be teaching at?
Answer: school
Our Answer: like other professionals

Question: Where might a teacher teach that is not inside a building?
Answer: outdoors
Our Answer: as a tutor

Question: Where is another indoor location for a teacher other than a school?
Answer: academy
Our Answer: as a tutor

Question: Where is corporal punishment no longer practiced?
Answer: Most Western countries
Our Answer: the United States

Question: Where is corporal punishment usually performed these days?
Answer: privately in the principal's office
Our Answer: the South

Question: Where can you find more information on a country's practices?
Answer: see School corporal punishment.
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where does the pupil remain while in detention
Answer: in schools
Our Answer: the United States the UK Ireland Singapore

Question: Where was the 2000 study conducted?
Answer: UK
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where are nearly all teachers taught?
Answer: a university or college
Our Answer: the US

Question: Where does a private school get funding to operate?
Answer: the private sector, businesses and sponsors
Our Answer: Canada

Question: Where are teachers recruited from?
Answer: Lehramtstudien (Teaching Education Studies)
Our Answer: Germany

Question: Where was Luther born?
Answer: Eisleben, Saxony
Our Answer: Eisleben Saxony the Holy Roman Empire

Question: Where did Martin Luther go to school?
Answer: University of Erfurt
Our Answer: as " a day of rote learning

Question: Where did Luther spend his career?
Answer: University of Wittenberg
Our Answer: On 19 October 1512

Question: Where was Melanchthon at the time?
Answer: not in Wittenberg
Our Answer: in Wittenberg at the time

Question: Where did Luther explain his idea of justification?
Answer: Smalcald Articles
Our Answer: Paradise

Question: Where does Luther place Salvation?
Answer: with the Father
Our Answer: not as a doctrine to be learned

Question: Where was the language Luther used in his translations spoken?
Answer: Saxon chancellery
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the Apostles located?
Answer: Small Catechism
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did Luther describe the resting place of the saints?
Answer: Smalcald Articles
Our Answer: after death

Question: Where did Luther say that the soul doesn't sleep, but rather has visions?
Answer: Commentary on Genesis
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where was Luther's last sermon preached?
Answer: Eisleben
Our Answer: toward a "fiery summons

Question: Where was Luther buried?
Answer: in the Castle Church
Our Answer: Wittenberg

Question: Where does southern California's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide?
Answer: third
Our Answer: Southern California

Question: Where are international corporations headquartered?
Answer: University of California, Irvine
Our Answer: West Irvine

Question: Where according to gross state product does Victoria rank in Australia?
Answer: second
Our Answer: Australia

Question: Where is the Asian influence strongest in Victoria?
Answer: Bendigo
Our Answer: New South Wales

Question: Where were the Lambing Flat riots?
Answer: New South Wales
Our Answer: Buckland Valley

Question: Where in Australia is Victoria located?
Answer: south-east
Our Answer: Australia

Question: Where was Victoria first set to be located in Australia?
Answer: New South Wales
Our Answer: Melbourne Australasia

Question: Where was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony?
Answer: Sydney
Our Answer: New Holland

Question: Where do other tourist events happen in Victoria outside of Melbourne?
Answer: regional cities
Our Answer: Phillip Island Warrnambool Geelong the popular Port Fairy Folk Festival

Question: Where in South Carolina did Huguenot nobility settle?
Answer: the Charleston Orange district
Our Answer: present-day Charleston South Carolina

Question: Where was the Gate of King Hugo?
Answer: Tours
Our Answer: Huguon King Hugo

Question: Where did Huguenots and Walloons settle in England?
Answer: Canterbury
Our Answer: Kent Faversham Maidstone

Question: Where is D'Olier Street?
Answer: Dublin
Our Answer: Portarlington

Question: Where can one find the formerly Huguenot farms in South Africa?
Answer: Western Cape province
Our Answer: France

Question: Where did this pro-reform leader teach?
Answer: University of Paris
Our Answer: Geneva

Question: Where did the Huguenots land in New York originally?
Answer: "Bauffet's Point"
Our Answer: Davenports Neck

Question: Where did the world's first railway journey terminate?
Answer: Abercynon
Our Answer: north-east England

Question: Where was the Charles Porter steam engine indicator shown?
Answer: London Exhibition
Our Answer: in use by 1851

Question: Where was the centrifugal governor first observed by Boulton?
Answer: flour mill
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where does heat rejection occur in the Rankine cycle?
Answer: in the condenser
Our Answer: ( as in the Carnot cycle )

Question: Where does oxygen rank by mass in the planet's biosphere?
Answer: most abundant
Our Answer: some 1015 tonnes).[d] Earth the Solar System

Question: Where by mass is oxygen a major part?
Answer: world's oceans
Our Answer: some 1015 tonnes).[d] Earth the Solar System

Question: Where was the Space Task Group located?
Answer: NASA's Langley Research Center
Our Answer: Houston Texas

Question: Where was the Manned Spacecraft Center located?
Answer: Houston, Texas
Our Answer: Houston Texas

Question: Where did Golovin work prior to joining the "Space Vehicle Panel"?
Answer: NASA
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where was the CM intended to land upon re entering the Earth's atmosphere?
Answer: ocean
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where were Schirra, Eisele and Cunningham relocated to after different astronauts were selected for the AS-258 mission?
Answer: Apollo 1 backup crew
Our Answer: on the 14-day first flight

Question: Where did Apollo 1's crew conduct tests at Kennedy Space Center?
Answer: altitude chamber
Our Answer: the Kennedy Space Center

Question: Where is the principle of proportionality recognized in the EC treaty?
Answer: in Article 5
Our Answer: to the general principle of proportionality

Question: Where is the European Court of justice likely to get inspiration from?
Answer: from the constitutional traditions common to the member states
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did water to the west of the Amazon drainage basin flow towards?
Answer: the Pacific
Our Answer: the Atlantic

Question: Where did the water in the Amazon Basin flow towards when moving west?
Answer: the Pacific
Our Answer: the Atlantic

Question: Where is Brazil ranked globally in soybean production?
Answer: second-largest global producer
Our Answer: Brazil the United States

Question: Where do Ctenophora live?
Answer: marine waters worldwide.
Our Answer: from a few millimeters to 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in ) in size

Question: Where do ctenophora live?
Answer: marine waters
Our Answer: from a few millimeters to 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in ) in size

Question: Where do ctenophores be found in large numbers?
Answer: In bays
Our Answer: the Black Sea

Question: Where can ctenophores be found in large amounts?
Answer: In bays
Our Answer: the Black Sea

Question: Where is the aboral organ located?
Answer: at the opposite end from the mouth
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located?
Answer: at the narrow end
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where are the rows of combs located?
Answer: from near the mouth to the opposite end
Our Answer: in a metachronal rhythm rather like that of a Mexican wave

Question: Where do platycenida live?
Answer: on rocks, algae, or the body surfaces of other invertebrates
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where are the gonads located?
Answer: in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do juvenile platyctenids live?
Answer: among the plankton
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the neighborhood of Sunnyside located in Fresno?
Answer: Fresno's far southeast side
Our Answer: Sunnyside

Question: Where is the home of the Sunnyside Country Club?
Answer: Sunnyside
Our Answer: Chestnut Avenue the West

Question: Where is Audra McDonald from?
Answer: Fresno
Our Answer: Broadway New York City

Question: Where is the airport located?
Answer: the West Side
Our Answer: Church Ave west

Question: Where did the genoese traders bring the plague?
Answer: Sicily
Our Answer: Europe Kaffa the Crimea

Question: Where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350?
Answer: Germany and Scandinavia
Our Answer: Italy Europe northwestern Russia

Question: Where did the residents of Antioch flee to?
Answer: The city's residents fled to the north
Our Answer: western Europe southern Russia

Question: Where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin?
Answer: Hong Kong in 1894
Our Answer: India

Question: Where did scientists find their Y. pestis sample? 
Answer: from the tooth sockets in human skeletons
Our Answer: the Black Death

Question: Where was the burial site used for testing located?
Answer: East Smithfield
Our Answer: the Black Death

Question: Where can population estimates be extrapolated from?
Answer: the clergy
Our Answer: England

Question: Where do thrust faults form?
Answer: In the shallow crust
Our Answer: the Earth

Question: Where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the Grand Canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter?
Answer: within the Maria Fold and Thrust Belt
Our Answer: the Grand Canyon

Question: Where do dikes form?
Answer: in areas that are being actively deformed
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the oldest known rock in the world located?
Answer: Slave craton in northwestern Canada
Our Answer: the mid-continental United States the Grand Canyon the southwestern United States

Question: Where is this housing style being developed recently?
Answer: the Ouseburn valley
Our Answer: the Tyne

Question: Where does the proportion of shared and converted houses in 2011 put this dwelling type in the color-coded brackets?
Answer: 5.9%
Our Answer: Manchester Liverpool Harrogate Cheltenham Bath London Hastings Brighton

Question: Where are some words from the Geordia dialect used?
Answer: Northern United Kingdom
Our Answer: Newcastle

Question: Where will the 2009 International Arts Fair be held?
Answer: Sage Gateshead Music and Arts Centre
Our Answer: Punjabi

Question: Where was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway?
Answer: Old Town Hall
Our Answer: Gateshead

Question: Where is the Tyneside Bar located?
Answer: roof
Our Answer: the Tyneside Bar

Question: Where is the Science Village located?
Answer: Centre for Life
Our Answer: Newcastle its Science Village Tyneside the Newcastle Northern England

Question: Where is Newcastle's horse racing course located?
Answer: Gosforth Park
Our Answer: Newcastle South Shields

Question: Where can you see greyhound racing in Newcastle?
Answer: Brough Park
Our Answer: the Tyne Bridge Gateshead

Question: Where did ITV Tyne Tees move in 2005?
Answer: a new facility
Our Answer: 2005 City Road the MetroCentre Gateshead

Question: Where does the Newcastle Student Radio station broadcast from during terms?
Answer: Newcastle University's student's union building
Our Answer: Newcastle Gateshead

Question: where is the Victoria and Albert Museum located?
Answer: The V&A is located in the Brompton district of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Our Answer: the Royal Borough Kensington

Question: Where was the V&A transferred to from its original location at Marlborough House?
Answer: Somerset House
Our Answer: Brompton Park House

Question: Where in Dundee will the gallery be located?
Answer: on the city's waterfront
Our Answer: Scotland

Question: Where on the side are the two Cast Courts located?
Answer: southeast of the garden
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the sculpture gallery now located?
Answer: Art Library
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where were ABC's international networks mainly situated in the 1970s?
Answer: Japan and Latin America
Our Answer: Japan Latin America

Question: Where was New Year's Rockin' Eve hosted?
Answer: Times Square
Our Answer: Las Vegas

Question: Where is the ABC four-note jingle still in use?
Answer: ABC on Demand to the beginning of the ABC show
Our Answer: during the timeslot card as well as the schedule sequence that began each night's prime time lineup

Question: Where did the ABC New York flagship stations move their facilities to in 1953?
Answer: 7 West 66th Street
Our Answer: Central Park

Question: Where was ABC Marine World opened?
Answer: Redwood City, California
Our Answer: Redwood City California

Question: Where did Temüjin hide during his escape from the Tayichi'ud?
Answer: a river crevice
Our Answer: Jelme Bo'orchu

Question: Where was Temüjin's patron Toghrul exiled?
Answer: Qara Khitai
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did the Jin emporer relocate his capital after Genghis Khan overran the norther part of his empire?
Answer: Kaifeng
Our Answer: Western Xia

Question: Where did Jebe's division of Genghis Khan's army campaign in Khwarezmia?
Answer: the southeast
Our Answer: Khwarzemia

Question: Where was the Khwarezmid capital moved after Genghis Khan's forces prevailed in Samarkand?
Answer: Bukhara
Our Answer: the Khwarezmid Empire

Question: Where did Jebe and Subutai spend the winter following the split of the Mongol army?
Answer: near the Black Sea
Our Answer: Subutai

Question: Where was the Kievian force that confronted Subutai's army defeated in 1223?
Answer: Kalka River
Our Answer: the Khwarezmian Empire Persia Armenia

Question: Where did Genghis Khan spend the summer after taking Deshun?
Answer: Liupanshan
Our Answer: Xining province

Question: Where is Genghis Khan's presumed to have been delivered?
Answer: Khentii Aimag
Our Answer: the Onon River

Question: Where in China is Genghis Khan most favorably viewed today?
Answer: Inner Mongolia region
Our Answer: the People's Republic of China

Question: Where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the Emperor's personal physicians?
Answer: ranked above
Our Answer: Japan

Question: Where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located?
Answer: Church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence, Italy
Our Answer: Dubrovnik Croatia

Question: Where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school?
Answer: a pharmacy practice residency
Our Answer: For example

Question: Where are many hospital pharmacies located?
Answer: within the premises of the hospital
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do clinical pharmacists work with patients?
Answer: all health care settings
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work?
Answer: nursing homes
Our Answer: the United States

Question: Where might the doctor's self-interest be at odds with the patient's self-interest?
Answer: in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects
Our Answer: the U.S.

Question: Where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located?
Answer: thymus and bone marrow
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where in Las Vegas did a famous protest take place?
Answer: Camp Mercury nuclear test site
Our Answer: Las Vegas Nevada

Question: Where is Harvard stadium located?
Answer: Allston
Our Answer: the Charles River

Question: Where are the Harvard medical, Dental and school of Public Health located?
Answer: Longwood Medical and Academic Area
Our Answer: Harvard Stadium Allston downtown Boston

Question: Where are America's oldest collection of maps, gazettes, and atlases housed?
Answer: Pusey Library
Our Answer: East Asia

Question: Where does newly created wealth concentrate? 
Answer: the possession of already-wealthy individuals
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true?
Answer: poorer countries
Our Answer: Sweden Japan

Question: Where have the first episodes of Doctor Who always appeared?
Answer: on the BBC's mainstream BBC One channel
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is Doctor Who the record holder for most successful science fiction series of all time?
Answer: Guinness World Records
Our Answer: on The programme over - all broadcast ratings , DVD and book sales , and iTunes traffic

Question: Where is the Hyde Park Day School located?
Answer: the University of Chicago campus
Our Answer: the Hyde Park Day School

Question: Where is the Apache Point Observatory located?
Answer: Sunspot, New Mexico
Our Answer: Chicago

Question: Where did Mongke Khan attack the Song dynasty?
Answer: southern China
Our Answer: the Middle East

Question: Where did the Song dynasty continue to cause problems for Kublai?
Answer: south
Our Answer: Korea

Question: Where did Korea border Kublai's territory?
Answer: northeast
Our Answer: Korea

Question: Where did Kublai move the Mongol capital to?
Answer: Khanbaliq
Our Answer: Karakorum Mongolia

Question: Where did the Grand Canal start?
Answer: southern China
Our Answer: the Far East

Question: Where did Kublai extend the Grand Canal to?
Answer: Daidu in the north
Our Answer: the Grand Canal southern China

Question: Where did the Tran dynasty rule?
Answer: Annam (Dai Viet)
Our Answer: Song dynasty China

Question: Where were Persians more successful compared to Chinese in the Yuan?
Answer: Ilkhanate
Our Answer: Central Asia

Question: Where was the Central Secretariat based?
Answer: Khanbaliq
Our Answer: present-day Hebei Shandong Shanxi present-day Inner Mongolia the Yellow River The Central Region modern Beijing

Question: Where is Kenya located?
Answer: in Africa
Our Answer: Tanzania Uganda South Sudan Ethiopia Somalia

Question: Where is 97% of the population located?
Answer: Bantu and Nilotic
Our Answer: West-Central Africa

Question: Where are these animals mostly located?
Answer: Masai Mara
Our Answer: buffalo Africa Kenya

Question: Where were the Kikuyu people located?
Answer: The central highlands
Our Answer: Kenya

Question: Where does Kenya rang on the CPI scale?
Answer: low
Our Answer: Kenya

Question: Where is Kenya place on the scale in 2012?
Answer: 139th out of 176 total countries
Our Answer: Kenya

Question: Where did the president appoint cabinet members from?
Answer: both PNU and ODM camps
Our Answer: Odinga

Question: Where was the signing held?
Answer: the steps of Nairobi's Harambee House
Our Answer: Africa

Question: Where is the largest number of tourist coming from?
Answer: Germany and the United Kingdom
Our Answer: numerous Shopping Malls Kenya Kenya

Question: Where is the most successful agricultural prodcution regions?
Answer: the fertile highlands
Our Answer: Africa

Question: Where does the livestock of the country normally dominate?
Answer: the semi-arid savanna to the north and east
Our Answer: Africa

Question: Where does the largest part of Kenya's power come from?
Answer: hydroelectric stations at dams
Our Answer: the upper Tana River the Turkwel Gorge Dam

Question: Where are these dams located?
Answer: Tana River, as well as the Turkwel Gorge Dam
Our Answer: Kenya

Question: Where does Kenya have deposits of oil?
Answer: in Turkana
Our Answer: Kenya Turkana

Question: Where did the first shipment of minerals ship from?
Answer: Base Titanium, a subsidiary of Base resources of Australia
Our Answer: Australia China

Question: Where are most working children working?
Answer: in agriculture
Our Answer: Kenya

Question: Where is English spoken the most?
Answer: in commerce, schooling and government
Our Answer: Kikuyu

Question: Where is British English usually used?
Answer: in the country
Our Answer: Kikuyu

Question: Where is the only Jewish synagogue located?
Answer: Nairobi
Our Answer: Kenya

Question: Where do IPCC reports get their information?
Answer: available information about climate change based on published sources
Our Answer: of sufficient quality

Question: Where did Singer hold a press conference in May 2000?
Answer: Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C.
Our Answer: Washington D.C.

Question: Where was the Feb 2010 call for change published?
Answer: the journal Nature
Our Answer: for changes to the IPCC

Question: Where do cryptophyte chloroplasts store starch?
Answer: in granules found in the periplastid space
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do Apicomplexans store energy?
Answer: in amylopectin starch granules that are located in their cytoplasm
Our Answer: Like the helicosproidia

Question: Where is Peridinin found?
Answer: peridinin-type chloroplast
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did Dinophysis get its chloroplasts from?
Answer: a cryptophyte
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where does the diatom endosymbiont store starch?
Answer: granules in the dinophyte host's cytoplasm
Our Answer: Kryptoperidinium

Question: Where do nucleomorph genes transfer to?
Answer: the dinophyte nucleus
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did most chloroplasts come from?
Answer: first set of endosymbiotic events
Our Answer: the chromatophore

Question: Where does the secondary theory say most genes are kept?
Answer: in branched, linear, or other complex structures
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized?
Answer: in the cytosol
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum usually found?
Answer: in the chloroplasts of C4 plants
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum less commonly found?
Answer: in some C3 angiosperms, and even some gymnosperms
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do transport vesicles move between?
Answer: the thylakoids and intermembrane space
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where are pyrenoids found?
Answer: The chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where can chloroplasts sometimes be found?
Answer: collenchyma tissue
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do cacti have chloroplasts?
Answer: in the stems
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do most plants have chloroplasts?
Answer: concentrated in the leaves
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do chloroplasts pump hydrogen?
Answer: into the thylakoid space
Our Answer: from the flowing hydrogen ions

Question: Where is cyclic photophosphorylation common?
Answer: in C4 plants
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where are Proplastids usually found?
Answer: in an adult plant's apical meristems
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is the Z-ring?
Answer: within the chloroplast's stroma
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives?
Answer: as grubs underground
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where does the Rhine begin? 
Answer: Swiss canton
Our Answer: Rhine Cologne Germany

Question: Where does the Rhine empty?
Answer: North Sea
Our Answer: Rhine Cologne Germany

Question: Where is the Rhine? 
Answer: Europe
Our Answer: Rhine Cologne Germany

Question: Where does the name Rhine derive from? 
Answer: Gaulish name Rēnos
Our Answer: the Rhine

Question: Where does the Rhine river's measurement begin?
Answer: Old Rhine Bridge at Constance
Our Answer: the Rhine the Alpine Rhine

Question: Where does the Rhine river's measurement end?
Answer: Hoek van Holland
Our Answer: the Rhine the Alpine Rhine

Question: Where does the Rhine begin? 
Answer: Old Rhine Bridge at Constance
Our Answer: the Rhine the Alpine Rhine

Question: Where does the Rhine end?
Answer: Hoek van Holland
Our Answer: the Rhine the Alpine Rhine

Question: Where is the upper canal regulation of the Rhine?
Answer: Diepoldsau
Our Answer: the canalized Rhine

Question: Where was the Rhine regulated with a lower canal?
Answer: Fußach
Our Answer: the canalized Rhine

Question: Where was the Rhine regulated with an upper canal?
Answer: Diepoldsau
Our Answer: the canalized Rhine

Question: Where is the border of Swiss and Austria?
Answer: 47°39′N 9°19′E﻿ / ﻿47.650°N 9.317°E﻿ / 47.650; 9.317.
Our Answer: Vorarlberg

Question: Where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water?
Answer: Rheinbrech
Our Answer: Upper Lake

Question: Where does the cold water mix with Lake Constance?
Answer: Rheinbrech
Our Answer: Upper Lake

Question: Where is the highest point of the Rhine basin?
Answer: Finsteraarhorn
Our Answer: the Hochrhein

Question: Where is the so-called Rhine Knee?
Answer: Basel
Our Answer: the Hochrhein

Question: Where does the Rhine encounter it's tributary the Neckar? 
Answer: Germany
Our Answer: The Rhine the Neckar Moselle

Question: Where is the famous rock the Rhine flows around?
Answer: Sankt Goarshausen
Our Answer: the Rhine

Question: Where does two thirds of the Rhine flow outside of Germany?
Answer: Waal
Our Answer: the Rhine

Question: Where does the Lek join? 
Answer: Noord River
Our Answer: into the IJsselmeer ( a former bay )

Question: Where does the Nederrijn change it's name?
Answer: Wijk bij Duurstede
Our Answer: the Noord River the Nieuwe Maas the North Sea

Question: Where does the Delta in the Netherlands begin?
Answer: Millingen aan de Rijn,
Our Answer: the Netherlands the Rhine Waal Nederrijn

Question: Where did the Meuse flow before the flood? 
Answer: Merwede-Oude Maas
Our Answer: the Meuse the North Sea

Question: Where did the discharge from glaciers go in Europe in the last Ice Age?
Answer: Rhine
Our Answer: Europe

Question: Where did the Rhine occupy during the Holocene?
Answer: Late-Glacial valley
Our Answer: the Rhine

Question: Where does the Ijssel branch flow?
Answer: IJsselmeer
Our Answer: the North Sea the former Meuse estuary Rotterdam

Question: Where are the upper Rhine and upper Danube crossed?
Answer: southern
Our Answer: The upper Rhine

Question: Where is the Rhine Bridge?
Answer: Arnhem
Our Answer: the Rhine Germany the Western Allies

Question: Where has the official home of the Scottish Parliament been since 2004?
Answer: Scottish Parliament Building
Our Answer: Edinburgh

Question: Where was Parliament's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built?
Answer: General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland
Our Answer: the Royal Mile Edinburgh

Question: Where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building?
Answer: courtyard
Our Answer: the Royal Mile Edinburgh

Question: Where was Parliament temporarily relocated to in May of 2000?
Answer: former Strathclyde Regional Council debating chamber in Glasgow
Our Answer: the Royal Mile Edinburgh

Question: Where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from?
Answer: Scottish rivers
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where do plenary meetings take place?
Answer: debating chamber
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where is much of the work of the Scottish Parliament done?
Answer: committee
Our Answer: Scotland

Question: Where are reserved matters stated in the Scotland Act?
Answer: Schedule 5
Our Answer: Scotland

Question: Where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on?
Answer: Westminster
Our Answer: Europe

Question: Where are bills typically gestated in Stage 1?
Answer: in the relevant committee or committees
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where did Maududi exert the most impact?
Answer: through his writing
Our Answer: India Britain Pakistan

Question: Where did Maududi's books place Islam?
Answer: in a modern context
Our Answer: India Britain Pakistan

Question: Where did Maududi exert the most impact?
Answer: through his writing
Our Answer: India Britain Pakistan

Question: Where did Maududi's books place Islam?
Answer: a modern context
Our Answer: India Britain Pakistan

Question: Where was the Muslim Brotherhood founded?
Answer: Ismailiyah, Egypt
Our Answer: mosques

Question: Where does Khomeini's beliefs fall as compared to Mawdudi and Qutb?
Answer: somewhere between
Our Answer: the West

Question: Where did American troops remain stationed after Saddam's defeat?
Answer: in the kingdom
Our Answer: Saudi Arabia

Question: Where did a bloody civil war break out?
Answer: Algeria
Our Answer: Saudi Arabia

Question: Where did Turabi place students sympathetic to his views?
Answer: university and military academy
Our Answer: Sudan

Question: Where did HT fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974?
Answer: Egypt
Our Answer: Jordan

Question: Where did France focus its efforts to rebuild its empire?
Answer: Africa
Our Answer: Germany

Question: Where did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French run operations during World War 2?
Answer: overseas colonies
Our Answer: Vietnam

Question: Where did France win a war in the 1950's
Answer: Algeria
Our Answer: Vietnam

Question: Where were the Germanic tribes originally located?
Answer: Scandinavia
Our Answer: the Holy Roman Empire

Question: Where did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin?
Answer: within the Church of England
Our Answer: on the Oxford University campus

Question: Where did two leaders join hands and "give birth" to a new denomination?
Answer: constituting General Conference in Dallas, Texas
Our Answer: Dallas Texas

Question: Where is the George W. Bush Presidential library?
Answer: Southern Methodist University
Our Answer: Dallas Texas

Question: Where does The Council meet?
Answer: various locations throughout the world
Our Answer: No_Answer_Found

Question: Where was war fought?
Answer: primarily along the frontiers between New France and the British colonies
Our Answer: the French Fort Duquesne present-day Pittsburgh Pennsylvania

Question: Where was France concentraing efforts?
Answer: against Prussia and its allies in the European theatre of the war.
Our Answer: Sainte Foy ultimately Quebec Canada

Question: Where were British defeated in Canada?
Answer: Sainte Foy in Quebec
Our Answer: ultimately Quebec

Question: Where were French North Americans settled?
Answer: heavily concentrated along the St. Lawrence River valley, with some also in Acadia
Our Answer: present-day New Brunswick Nova Scotia

Question: Where did French fur trappers travel?
Answer: St. Lawrence and Mississippi watersheds, did business with local tribes, and often married Indian women
Our Answer: present-day New Brunswick Nova Scotia

Question: Where did British settlers live?
Answer: from Nova Scotia and Newfoundland in the north, to Georgia in the south
Our Answer: Nova Scotia Georgia

Question: Where were populations centered in colonies?
Answer: along the coast, the settlements were growing into the interior
Our Answer: Nova Scotia Georgia

Question: Where did Old Briton call home?
Answer: village of Pickawillany
Our Answer: Montreal

Question: Where did Marin build first fort?
Answer: Fort Presque Isle (near present-day Erie, Pennsylvania
Our Answer: Marin Marin Fort Presque Isle present-day Erie Pennsylvania Marin Fort Le Boeuf (present-day Waterford Pennsylvania

Question: Where was Marin's second fort constructed?
Answer: Fort Le Boeuf (present-day Waterford, Pennsylvania
Our Answer: Marin Marin Fort Presque Isle present-day Erie Pennsylvania Marin Fort Le Boeuf (present-day Waterford Pennsylvania

Question: Where was Shirey going to be when Fort Oswego was to be attacked?
Answer: planned to attack Fort Niagara
Our Answer: Fort Oswego

Question: Where was Shirley planning an expedition?
Answer: through the wilderness of the Maine district and down the Chaudière River to attack the city of Quebec
Our Answer: Niagara Crown Point Duquesne Fort Frontenac Lake Ontario the Chaudière River

Question: Where did Montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement?
Answer: Ticonderoga
Our Answer: Oswego

Question: Where did Moncalm slip away to attack, left largely unprotected?
Answer: Oswego
Our Answer: Albany

Question: Where was Montcalm focusing the defense for New France?
Answer: St. Lawrence, with primary defenses at Carillon, Quebec, and Louisbourg,
Our Answer: Quebec Louisbourg

Question: Where did British resettle many Acadians?
Answer: throughout its North American provinces
Our Answer: Britain French Canada

Question: Where did many Spanish Catholic move after British takeover in Florida?
Answer: Most went to Cuba,
Our Answer: Spanish Florida the Creek

Question: Where did Aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?
Answer: on the ground
Our Answer: Earth

Question: Where will a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship land according to Aristotle?
Answer: behind the foot of the mast
Our Answer: For example

Question: Where does a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship actually land?
Answer: foot of the mast
Our Answer: For example

Question: Where was the measurment for the standard gravity on Earth taken?
Answer: sea level
Our Answer: the Earth

Question: Where does centripetal force go?
Answer: toward the center of the curving path
Our Answer: to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object

